# PKT-ATTN

This is the source code of *Enhancing Programming Knowledge Tracing by Interacting Programming skills and Student Code*. There are seven models in total, namely DKT, GGNN-concat, GGNN-attn, code2vec-concat, code2vec-attn, ASTNN-concat and ASTNN-attn. Since the dataset is to large, we just put part of the dataset in this repository, but you can contact pkt_attn@163.com to ask for the whole dataset. The train, valid and test set are all about 1/3 of the original dataset.

You can run each model easily with the instructions below. The hyperparameters here are the optimal groups.



### 1. DKT

You can run DKT model by the following command.

```
cd models/DKT
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.001 --weight_decay 0
```

`init_lr`: The learning rate.

`weight_decay`: The regularization term.



### 2. GGNN-concat

You can run GGNN-concat by the following command.

```
cd models/GGNN-concat
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.01 --weight_decay 0.00001 --num_nodes 200 --node_embed_dim 64
```

`num_nodes`: The number of randomly selected graph nodes, the upper limit is 200 since we filtered the AST nodes according to the word frequency.

`node_embed_dim`: The embedding dimension of graph nodes.



### 3. GGNN-attn

You can run GGNN-attn by the following command.

```
cd models/GGNN-attn
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.005 --weight_decay 0.0001 --num_nodes 200 --node_embed_dim 64 --concept_embed_dim 128
```

`concept_embed_dim`: The embedding dimension of knowledge concepts.



### 4. code2vec-concat

You can run code2vec-concat by the following command.

```
cd models/code2vec-concat
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.001 --weight_decay 0.00002 --codevec_size 128 --np 50
```

`np`: The number of randomly selected AST paths, the upper limit is 200 since we extracted up to 200 paths from the AST when preprocessing the data.

`codevec_size`: The dimension of code embeddings generated by code2vec module.



### 5. code2vec-attn

You can run code2vec-attn by the following command.

```
cd models/code2vec-attn
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.001 --weight_decay 0.00025 --codevec_size 64 --np 200 --concept_embed_dim 128
```

`codevec_size`: The dimension of path embeddings in AST.



### 6. ASTNN-concat

You can run ASTNN-concat by the following command.

```
cd models/ASTNN-concat
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.005 --weight_decay 0.0001 --max_len 10 --ast_dim 128
```

`max_len`: The number of AST sub-trees.

`ast_dim`: The dimension of statement tree embeddings, the upper limit is 128 since we set the word embedding generated by Word2Vec model to 128 when preprocessing the data.



### 7. ASTNN-attn

You can run ASTNN-attn by the following command.

```
cd models/ASTNN-attn
python -u main.py --init_lr 0.001 --weight_decay 0.00015 --max_len 10 --concept_embed_dim 64 --ast_dim 64
```



If you have any questions, please contact pkt_attn@163.com.